### What's in an interface?

That which we call an API by any other name would serve just as well. But when there are many diverging opinions on exactly what names to use or exactly how to structure things, we may end up scattering instead of working together.

The OSRA TGC opened a technical committee to examine the ROS Enhancement Proposal (REP) process to refine it and apply it to all of the projects that are governed by the OSRA, including Open-RMF. The PMC of Open-RMF sees this as an opportunity to formalize something similar to a Request For Comments (RFC) process for Open-RMF where we can define interfaces for our next generation development and receive comments from the public, especially from stakeholders, to make sure that we'll be developing the most useful tools possible for everyone. This would also define a formal way for anyone from the general public to propose new interfaces for Open-RMF to support.

At this session of the special interest group, Grey will present a working draft of what kind of process we are considering for Open-RMF.

We are eager to get feedback from the Open-RMF community and beyond about how to make this process as effective as possible. Effectiveness would be measured both in terms of making sure we are producing the highest quality stable interfaces possible and also getting contributions (proposals, feedback, and implementation) from as many community stakeholders as possible. After presenting our current thoughts, we want to open up the session to discussion and feedback, so please come ready to share your own thoughts. We will especially appreciate input from anyone that has experience (both positive and negative experiences) working with standardization bodies.
